.TH FML 1 "May 2026" "1.1.0" "User Commands"
.SH NAME
fml \- a lightweight Linux system maintenance tool for low-spec machines
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B fml
[\fICOMMAND\fR]
.SH DESCRIPTION
fml (Fix My Linux) is an interactive command-line tool for everyday Linux
system maintenance on low-spec and older machines. It checks system health,
cleans package caches and temp files, shows top resource-heavy processes,
and toggles CPU power profiles.
.PP
When called with no arguments it launches an interactive menu.
.SH COMMANDS
.TP
.B status
Display current system load averages, memory usage, and disk usage.
.TP
.B top
Show the top processes by CPU and memory consumption.
.TP
.B clean
Safely remove unused packages, caches, old logs, and temp files.
Prompts for confirmation before making any changes.
.TP
.B boost
Toggle between power-saver and performance CPU modes.
.TP
.B health
Run a health check on load, memory, disk, and swap with warnings.
.SH OPTIONS
.TP
.B \-h, \-\-help
Show usage information and exit.
.TP
.B \-v, \-\-version
Show version number and exit.
.SH ENVIRONMENT
.TP
.B NO_COLOR
If set, disables ANSI color output.
.SH EXAMPLES
Launch the interactive menu:
.PP
.RS
.B fml
.RE
.PP
Run a quick health check:
.PP
.RS
.B fml health
.RE
.PP
Clean the system:
.PP
.RS
.B fml clean
.RE
.PP
Toggle CPU power mode:
.PP
.RS
.B fml boost
.RE
.SH AUTHOR
Kevin Melangert <kosikevinonu@gmail.com>
.SH REPORTING BUGS
https://github.com/Melangert/Fix-My-Laptop-FML-/issues
.SH SEE ALSO
.BR free (1),
.BR df (1),
.BR ps (1),
.BR journalctl (1),
.BR powerprofilesctl (1)